it came to pass at the end of 20 years
when Solomon had built the house of the
Lord and his own house that the cities
which hire him have given to Solomon
Solomon built them and he settled the
children of Israel there and Solomon
went to Hema tha's OVA and seized it he
also built Tadmor in the wilderness and
all the storage cities which he built in
hamath he built alphabet Holden and
Laura Beth Oden fortified cities with
walls gates and bars also Baylor and all
the storage cities that Solomon had and
all the chariot cities and the cities of
the cavalry and all that Solomon desired
to build in Jerusalem in Lebanon and in
all the land of his Dominion all the
people who were left of the Hittites
Hama rights parasites high rights and
Jebusites who were not of Israel that is
their descendants who were left in the
land after them whom the children of
Israel did not destroy from these
Solomon raised forced labor as it is to
this day but Solomon did not make the
children of Israel servants for his work
some were men of war captains of his
officers captains of his chariots and
his cavalry and others were Chiefs of
the officials of King Solomon 250 who
ruled over the people now Solomon
brought the daughter of Pharaoh up from
the city of David to the house he had
built for her for he said my wife shall
not dwell in the house of David king of
Israel
because the places to which the Ark of
the Lord has come our holy then Solomon
offered burnt offerings to the Lord on
the altar of the Lord which he had built
before the vestibule according to the
daily rate offering according to the
commandment of Moses for the Sabbath's
the New Moon's and the three appointed
yearly feasts the feast of unleavened
bread the feast of weeks and the Feast
of Tabernacles and according to the
order of David his father he appointed
the divisions of the priests for their
service
the Levites for their duties to praise
and serve before the priests as the duty
of each day required and the gate
keepers by their divisions at each gate
for so David the man of God had
commanded they did not depart from the
command of the King to the priests and
Levites concerning any matter or
concerning the Treasuries now all the
work of Solomon was well ordered from
the day of the foundation of the house
of the Lord until it was finished so the
house of the Lord was completed then
Solomon went to EZ and kiba and Ellerth
on the Seacoast in the land of Edom and
Hiram sent him ships by the hand of his
servants and servants who knew the sea
they went with the servants of Solomon
to Ophir and acquired four hundred and
fifty talents of gold from there and
brought it to King Solomon